# Personal Repo
My name is Amanda and I am a senior at St. Edward's University. I am a computer science major and a math minor and I enjoy challenging myself, spending time with my dog, and watching One Piece! 

## Contents

### vehicleSimulatorPython
> I built this vehicle simulator in python for my Software Engineering I class in the Spring 2019 semester. It uses OO and multithreading to create a program that would make calls to our SWEI website's supply side API to update its location in a database and could handle vehicles traversing routes generated by our website's demand side orders. Unfortunately, it is not runnable, as the website is not running anymore.

### vehicleSimulatorJava
> This is a personal project stemming from the work I did in SWE I on my python vehicle simulator. I have built this with the key difference that the vehicle does not rely on API calls to our SWE I website to know when there is a route to follow. In this project you will see the following directories and files: 

#### routing
> RouteDispatcher.java handles the mapbox requests from geocoding to retrieving routes.
#### runner
> VehicleInstantiator.java contains the main class that runs the vehicle simulator. The program will first ask for a directory to create the vehicle files in. Then it will display a menu, from which you can choose to add a vehicle, or send a vehicle to an address in austin as long as you have a vehicle to send. The last option is to exit the program, which will only exit after all threads have completed the routes they are on. 
#### vehicle
> Vehicle.java contains the vehicle class, which implements runnable.
> VehicleStatus.java contains an enum for the status of the vehicle. A vehicle can be either AVAILABLE, IN_TRANSIT, or ARRIVED.
#### test files
> These folders contain vehicle output, as each vehicle will output its status periodically to a file.
